de/jdungeon/figure/Figure.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.Figure
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/RemoveDoor.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.RemoveDoor
de/jdungeon/ai/FleeBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.FleeBehaviour
de/jdungeon/figure/action/MoveAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.MoveAction
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest_1x1_1.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest_1x1_1
de/jdungeon/spell/StealOrc.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.StealOrc
de/jdungeon/dungeon/util/MapData.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.MapData
de/jdungeon/spell/TargetSpell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.TargetSpell
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/Shield.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.Shield
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/WaitPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.WaitPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DungeonGameFactory.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DungeonGameFactory
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/DoorMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.DoorMemory
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Mage.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Mage
de/jdungeon/skill/AttackSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.AttackSkill
 de.jdungeon.skill.AttackSkill$1
 de.jdungeon.skill.AttackSkill$AttackActionBuilder
 de.jdungeon.skill.AttackSkill$AttackSkillAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/TumblingPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.TumblingPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/DungeonWorldObject.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.DungeonWorldObject
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DungeonFiller.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DungeonFiller
de/jdungeon/item/Bunch.java
 de.jdungeon.item.Bunch
de/jdungeon/dungeon/JDPoint.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.JDPoint
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Druid.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Druid
de/jdungeon/event/EventManager.java
 de.jdungeon.event.EventManager
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/itemReceiver.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.itemReceiver
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/HeroUtil.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.HeroUtil
de/jdungeon/ai/AttitudeMonsterDefault.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AttitudeMonsterDefault
de/jdungeon/figure/attribute/TimedAttributeModification.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.TimedAttributeModification
de/jdungeon/spell/Light.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Light
de/jdungeon/figure/other/LionessAI.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.LionessAI
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/SetShrineAction.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.SetShrineAction
de/jdungeon/log/Log.java
 de.jdungeon.log.Log
 de.jdungeon.log.Log$MessageType
de/jdungeon/gui/Paragraph.java
 de.jdungeon.gui.Paragraph
de/jdungeon/dungeon/DoorCountRoomComparator.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.DoorCountRoomComparator
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Profession.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Profession
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/ReachabilityChecker.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.ReachabilityChecker
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.ReachabilityChecker$Node
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.ReachabilityChecker$Node$ExpansionResult
de/jdungeon/spell/Cobweb.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Cobweb
de/jdungeon/location/Angel.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Angel
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/ChestMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.ChestMemory
de/jdungeon/dungeon/RoomInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.RoomInfo
de/jdungeon/figure/action/EndRoundAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.EndRoundAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/ShieldBlockPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.ShieldBlockPercept
de/jdungeon/location/LevelExit.java
 de.jdungeon.location.LevelExit
de/jdungeon/item/DustItem.java
 de.jdungeon.item.DustItem
de/jdungeon/spell/Isolation.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Isolation
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Dir.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Dir
de/jdungeon/figure/action/UseItemAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.UseItemAction
de/jdungeon/item/VisibilityCheatBall.java
 de.jdungeon.item.VisibilityCheatBall
de/jdungeon/dungeon/ChestInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.ChestInfo
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/FleePercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.FleePercept
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/LocationStateChangePercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.LocationStateChangePercept
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/SpecialAttackPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.SpecialAttackPercept
de/jdungeon/game/DungeonGameLoop.java
 de.jdungeon.game.DungeonGameLoop
 de.jdungeon.game.DungeonGameLoop$1
 de.jdungeon.game.DungeonGameLoop$Loop
de/jdungeon/game/ActionSpecifier.java
 de.jdungeon.game.ActionSpecifier
de/jdungeon/event/ExitUsedEvent.java
 de.jdungeon.event.ExitUsedEvent
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/EquipmentItem.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.EquipmentItem
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/ItemOwner.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.ItemOwner
de/jdungeon/spell/EscapeRoute.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.EscapeRoute
de/jdungeon/spell/Steal.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Steal
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/MemoryObject.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.MemoryObject
de/jdungeon/figure/other/Fir.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.Fir
de/jdungeon/item/quest/DarkMasterKey.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.DarkMasterKey
de/jdungeon/figure/action/StepAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.StepAction
de/jdungeon/figure/HeroControlWithSpectator.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.HeroControlWithSpectator
de/jdungeon/util/JDDimension.java
 de.jdungeon.util.JDDimension
de/jdungeon/spell/Poison.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Poison
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/MissPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.MissPercept
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/MonsterInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.MonsterInfo
de/jdungeon/dungeon/LockInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.LockInfo
de/jdungeon/figure/npc/DefaultNPCFactory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.npc.DefaultNPCFactory
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Sword.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Sword
de/jdungeon/ai/DefaultMonsterIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.DefaultMonsterIntelligence
 de.jdungeon.ai.DoorStep
de/jdungeon/location/Statue.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Statue
de/jdungeon/game/InfoProvider.java
 de.jdungeon.game.InfoProvider
de/jdungeon/item/quest/Thing.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.Thing
de/jdungeon/game/InfoEntity.java
 de.jdungeon.game.InfoEntity
de/jdungeon/ai/ActionAssemblerHelper.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.ActionAssemblerHelper
de/jdungeon/game/ControlUnit.java
 de.jdungeon.game.ControlUnit
de/jdungeon/figure/attribute/Attribute.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.Attribute
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.Attribute$Type
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/PositionMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.PositionMemory
de/jdungeon/spell/conjuration/LionessConjuration.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.conjuration.LionessConjuration
de/jdungeon/dungeon/SpotInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.SpotInfo
de/jdungeon/fight/Poisoning.java
 de.jdungeon.fight.Poisoning
de/jdungeon/switchPos/CoopSwitchPosBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.CoopSwitchPosBehaviour
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/NatureMonster.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.NatureMonster
de/jdungeon/figure/action/TakeItemAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.TakeItemAction
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Ogre.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Ogre
de/jdungeon/location/defender/DefenderLocation.java
 de.jdungeon.location.defender.DefenderLocation
 de.jdungeon.location.defender.DefenderLocation$DefenderState
de/jdungeon/location/LocationState.java
 de.jdungeon.location.LocationState
de/jdungeon/ai/AbstractAI.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AbstractAI
de/jdungeon/spell/TargetScope.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.TargetScope
de/jdungeon/location/SorcerLab.java
 de.jdungeon.location.SorcerLab
 de.jdungeon.location.SorcerLabAction
de/jdungeon/event/EventListener.java
 de.jdungeon.event.EventListener
de/jdungeon/location/Corpse.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Corpse
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Wolfknife.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Wolfknife
de/jdungeon/figure/attribute/ModifierI.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.ModifierI
de/jdungeon/figure/other/FirInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.FirInfo
de/jdungeon/figure/action/result/ActionResultWithGameRound.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.result.ActionResultWithGameRound
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Orc.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Orc
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/ItemDroppedPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.ItemDroppedPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/InsertFigure.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.InsertFigure
de/jdungeon/spell/AbstractTargetSpell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.AbstractTargetSpell
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Dwarf.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Dwarf
de/jdungeon/ai/SimpleHeroBehavior.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.SimpleHeroBehavior
de/jdungeon/figure/action/AbstractExecutableAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.AbstractExecutableAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/OpticalPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.OpticalPercept
de/jdungeon/ai/AbstractMonsterBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AbstractMonsterBehaviour
de/jdungeon/item/HealPotion.java
 de.jdungeon.item.HealPotion
de/jdungeon/skill/EagleOwl.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.EagleOwl
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/DungeonChangeAction.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.DungeonChangeAction
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/UsableWithTarget.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.UsableWithTarget
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/ItemMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.ItemMemory
de/jdungeon/location/RevealMapShrine.java
 de.jdungeon.location.RevealMapShrine
de/jdungeon/figure/action/ActionFactory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.ActionFactory
de/jdungeon/item/paper/Book.java
 de.jdungeon.item.paper.Book
de/jdungeon/item/map/AncientMapFragment.java
 de.jdungeon.item.map.AncientMapFragment
de/jdungeon/switchPos/AcceptSwitchPositionAction.java
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.AcceptSwitchPositionAction
de/jdungeon/ai/PreGuardBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.PreGuardBehaviour
de/jdungeon/spell/TimedSpellInstance.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.TimedSpellInstance
de/jdungeon/event/WorldChangedEvent.java
 de.jdungeon.event.WorldChangedEvent
de/jdungeon/item/PotionMod.java
 de.jdungeon.item.PotionMod
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest_XxY.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest_XxY
de/jdungeon/item/quest/Feather.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.Feather
de/jdungeon/dungeon/util/InfoUnitUnwrapper.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.InfoUnitUnwrapper
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Warrior.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Warrior
de/jdungeon/item/OxygenPotion.java
 de.jdungeon.item.OxygenPotion
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DistanceAtLeastConstraint.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DistanceAtLeastConstraint
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/Hall.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.Hall
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/ArmorItem.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.ArmorItem
de/jdungeon/ai/AbstractReflexBehavior.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AbstractReflexBehavior
de/jdungeon/item/Item.java
 de.jdungeon.item.Item
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/FightEndedPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.FightEndedPercept
de/jdungeon/ai/Tracker.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.Tracker
de/jdungeon/gui/AbstractStartWindow.java
 de.jdungeon.gui.AbstractStartWindow
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest1x1.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest1x1
de/jdungeon/item/paper/ScrollMagic.java
 de.jdungeon.item.paper.ScrollMagic
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/Locatable.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.Locatable
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/UndeadMonster.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.UndeadMonster
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/LocatableItem.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.LocatableItem
de/jdungeon/spell/IsolationInstance.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.IsolationInstance
de/jdungeon/figure/control/AbstractMonsterMovementIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.control.AbstractMonsterMovementIntelligence
de/jdungeon/util/Arith.java
 de.jdungeon.util.Arith
de/jdungeon/figure/action/LayDownItemAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.LayDownItemAction
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Zodiac.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Zodiac
de/jdungeon/ai/DefaultMonsterReflexBehavior.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.DefaultMonsterReflexBehavior
de/jdungeon/location/Brood.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Brood
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/RoomPositionConstraint.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.RoomPositionConstraint
de/jdungeon/spell/DefaultTargetScope.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.DefaultTargetScope
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/DarkMaster.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.DarkMaster
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/InfoPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.InfoPercept
de/jdungeon/figure/control/AbstractHeroFightIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.control.AbstractHeroFightIntelligence
de/jdungeon/ai/FightIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.FightIntelligence
de/jdungeon/figure/other/Lioness.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.Lioness
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/SpellPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.SpellPercept
de/jdungeon/item/quest/Incense.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.Incense
de/jdungeon/item/ItemValueComparator.java
 de.jdungeon.item.ItemValueComparator
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DeadEndPath.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DeadEndPath
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DeadEndPath$1
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DeadEndPath$2
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DeadEndPath$3
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DeadEndPath$4
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/RoomMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.RoomMemory
de/jdungeon/location/Trader.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Trader
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Inventory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Inventory
de/jdungeon/spell/Bonebreaker.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Bonebreaker
de/jdungeon/spell/Escape.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Escape
de/jdungeon/item/paper/InfoScroll.java
 de.jdungeon.item.paper.InfoScroll
de/jdungeon/ai/PatrolBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.PatrolBehaviour
de/jdungeon/spell/AbstractSpell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.AbstractSpell
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Skeleton.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Skeleton
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/UsePercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.UsePercept
de/jdungeon/figure/npc/RescuedNPCAI.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.npc.RescuedNPCAI
 de.jdungeon.figure.npc.RescuedNPCAI$State
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Axe.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Axe
de/jdungeon/figure/action/SpellAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.SpellAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/DoorSmashPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.DoorSmashPercept
de/jdungeon/ai/SteppingBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.SteppingBehaviour
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Thief.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Thief
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/ScoutPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.ScoutPercept
de/jdungeon/figure/action/UseChestAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.UseChestAction
de/jdungeon/figure/DungeonVisibilityMap.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.DungeonVisibilityMap
de/jdungeon/fight/FightEndedEvent.java
 de.jdungeon.fight.FightEndedEvent
de/jdungeon/skill/SkillMap.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.SkillMap
de/jdungeon/item/map/AncientMapFragmentUtils.java
 de.jdungeon.item.map.AncientMapFragmentUtils
 de.jdungeon.item.map.AncientMapFragmentUtils$1
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/SpotMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.SpotMemory
de/jdungeon/switchPos/SwitchPositionRequestManager.java
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.SwitchPositionRequestManager
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.SwitchPositionRequestManager$SwitchPosRequest
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.SwitchPositionRequestManager$SwitchPosRequestMap
de/jdungeon/item/paper/Scroll.java
 de.jdungeon.item.paper.Scroll
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Dungeon.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Dungeon
de/jdungeon/spell/Convince.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Convince
de/jdungeon/dungeon/util/DungeonUtils.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.DungeonUtils
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.DungeonUtils$SearchNode
de/jdungeon/dungeon/util/RouteInstruction.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.RouteInstruction
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.util.RouteInstruction$Direction
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Character.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Character
de/jdungeon/ai/DefaultHeroReflexBehavior.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.DefaultHeroReflexBehavior
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Club.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Club
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/FigureMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.FigureMemory
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/TextPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.TextPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/RectArea.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.RectArea
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/HeroInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.HeroInfo
de/jdungeon/game/JDGUI.java
 de.jdungeon.game.JDGUI
de/jdungeon/ai/AI.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AI
de/jdungeon/game/JDEnv.java
 de.jdungeon.game.JDEnv
de/jdungeon/item/ItemInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.item.ItemInfo
de/jdungeon/figure/attribute/DerivedAttribute.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.DerivedAttribute
de/jdungeon/ai/ChaserAI.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.ChaserAI
de/jdungeon/dungeon/PositionInRoomInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.PositionInRoomInfo
de/jdungeon/dungeon/RoomEntity.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.RoomEntity
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Ghul.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Ghul
de/jdungeon/spell/Raid.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Raid
 de.jdungeon.spell.Raid$1
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/FightBeginsPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.FightBeginsPercept
de/jdungeon/game/MonsterTest.java
 de.jdungeon.game.MonsterTest
de/jdungeon/skill/ScoutSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.ScoutSkill
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/EquipmentItemInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.EquipmentItemInfo
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DistanceAtMostConstraint.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DistanceAtMostConstraint
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/AbstractDungeonFiller.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.AbstractDungeonFiller
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/AbstractHall.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.AbstractHall
de/jdungeon/spell/Search.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Search
de/jdungeon/skill/EagleOwlSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.EagleOwlSkill
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/StepPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.StepPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/Encompass_quest.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.Encompass_quest
de/jdungeon/ai/AttitudeDefaultHero.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.AttitudeDefaultHero
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Spider.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Spider
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/Quest.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.Quest
de/jdungeon/spell/SpellInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.SpellInfo
de/jdungeon/location/Location.java
 de.jdungeon.location.Location
 de.jdungeon.location.Location$1
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/MemoryProvider.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.MemoryProvider
de/jdungeon/figure/HealthLevel.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.HealthLevel
de/jdungeon/figure/action/result/ActionResult.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.result.ActionResult
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.result.ActionResult$Reason
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.result.ActionResult$Situation
de/jdungeon/figure/control/AbstractFightIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.control.AbstractFightIntelligence
de/jdungeon/skill/ActionBuilder.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.ActionBuilder
de/jdungeon/item/quest/Rune.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.Rune
de/jdungeon/figure/action/SuicideAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.SuicideAction
de/jdungeon/ai/HeroPositionLog.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.HeroPositionLog
 de.jdungeon.ai.HeroPositionLog$PerceptComparator
de/jdungeon/spell/AbstractTargetScope.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.AbstractTargetScope
de/jdungeon/item/Key.java
 de.jdungeon.item.Key
de/jdungeon/spell/MightyStruck.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.MightyStruck
de/jdungeon/fight/Slap.java
 de.jdungeon.fight.Slap
de/jdungeon/skill/FleeSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.FleeSkill
de/jdungeon/gui/Paragraphable.java
 de.jdungeon.gui.Paragraphable
de/jdungeon/game/MyResourceBundle.java
 de.jdungeon.game.MyResourceBundle
de/jdungeon/ai/TrackingInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.TrackingInfo
de/jdungeon/location/ScoutShrine.java
 de.jdungeon.location.ScoutShrine
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/Percept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.Percept
de/jdungeon/game/Turnable.java
 de.jdungeon.game.Turnable
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Wolf.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Wolf
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/TakePercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.TakePercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/Area.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.Area
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/Armor.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.Armor
de/jdungeon/figure/APAgility.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.APAgility
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Weapon.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Weapon
de/jdungeon/skill/HealSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.HealSkill
de/jdungeon/figure/other/ConjuredMagicFigure.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.ConjuredMagicFigure
de/jdungeon/dungeon/HiddenSpot.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.HiddenSpot
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/weapon/Lance.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.weapon.Lance
de/jdungeon/location/HealthFountain.java
 de.jdungeon.location.HealthFountain
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/SetChestAction.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.SetChestAction
de/jdungeon/util/JDColor.java
 de.jdungeon.util.JDColor
 de.jdungeon.util.JDColor$color
de/jdungeon/spell/TimedSpell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.TimedSpell
de/jdungeon/figure/action/EquipmentChangeAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.EquipmentChangeAction
de/jdungeon/figure/APCounter.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.APCounter
de/jdungeon/item/interfaces/Usable.java
 de.jdungeon.item.interfaces.Usable
de/jdungeon/event/Event.java
 de.jdungeon.event.Event
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Door.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Door
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/Memory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.Memory
de/jdungeon/fight/SlapResult.java
 de.jdungeon.fight.SlapResult
de/jdungeon/figure/memory/ShrineMemory.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.memory.ShrineMemory
de/jdungeon/figure/other/FirAI.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.other.FirAI
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/DisappearPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.DisappearPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/SetItem.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.SetItem
de/jdungeon/skill/SimpleSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.SimpleSkill
 de.jdungeon.skill.SimpleSkill$SimpleActionBuilder
 de.jdungeon.skill.SimpleSkill$SimpleSkillAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/DiePercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.DiePercept
de/jdungeon/log/Logger.java
 de.jdungeon.log.Logger
de/jdungeon/fight/Frightening.java
 de.jdungeon.fight.Frightening
de/jdungeon/spell/Spy.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Spy
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest_trader_1x2.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest_trader_1x2
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DungeonFillUtils.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DungeonFillUtils
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/AttackPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.AttackPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/ItemInfoOwner.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.ItemInfoOwner
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest
de/jdungeon/figure/RoomObservationStatus.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.RoomObservationStatus
de/jdungeon/figure/VisibilityModifier.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.VisibilityModifier
de/jdungeon/game/PerceptHandler.java
 de.jdungeon.game.PerceptHandler
de/jdungeon/location/MoonRuneFinderShrine.java
 de.jdungeon.location.MoonRuneFinderShrine
de/jdungeon/figure/action/UseLocationAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.UseLocationAction
de/jdungeon/item/ItemPool.java
 de.jdungeon.item.ItemPool
de/jdungeon/game/RoomInfoEntity.java
 de.jdungeon.game.RoomInfoEntity
de/jdungeon/figure/attribute/ItemModification.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.attribute.ItemModification
de/jdungeon/spell/Spell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Spell
de/jdungeon/spell/Fireball.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Fireball
de/jdungeon/figure/hero/Hero.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Hero
 de.jdungeon.figure.hero.Hero$HeroCategory
de/jdungeon/skill/TargetSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.TargetSkill
 de.jdungeon.skill.TargetSkill$TargetSkillAction
 de.jdungeon.skill.TargetSkill$TargetSkillActionBuilder
de/jdungeon/figure/control/AbstractHeroMovementIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.control.AbstractHeroMovementIntelligence
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Chest.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Chest
de/jdungeon/item/quest/MoonRune.java
 de.jdungeon.item.quest.MoonRune
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuestWall.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuestWall
de/jdungeon/switchPos/ProposeSwitchPositionAction.java
 de.jdungeon.switchPos.ProposeSwitchPositionAction
de/jdungeon/figure/FigureControlWithSpectator.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.FigureControlWithSpectator
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Lock.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Lock
de/jdungeon/figure/action/LockAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.LockAction
de/jdungeon/spell/Prayer.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Prayer
de/jdungeon/spell/conjuration/FirConjuration.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.conjuration.FirConjuration
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Path.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Path
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/HitPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.HitPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Position.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Position
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Position$Pos
de/jdungeon/figure/FigureInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.FigureInfo
de/jdungeon/skill/LionessConjureSkill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.LionessConjureSkill
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/CreatureMonster.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.CreatureMonster
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest_2x2_1.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest_2x2_1
de/jdungeon/ai/SurvivorBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.SurvivorBehaviour
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/DungeonGenerationFailedException.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.DungeonGenerationFailedException
de/jdungeon/figure/action/ScoutResult.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.ScoutResult
de/jdungeon/skill/SkillAction.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.SkillAction
de/jdungeon/figure/control/AbstractMovementIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.control.AbstractMovementIntelligence
de/jdungeon/item/AttrPotion.java
 de.jdungeon.item.AttrPotion
de/jdungeon/location/LocationInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.location.LocationInfo
de/jdungeon/item/equipment/Helmet.java
 de.jdungeon.item.equipment.Helmet
de/jdungeon/ai/Attitude.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.Attitude
de/jdungeon/figure/action/ScoutAction.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.ScoutAction
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/LeavesPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.LeavesPercept
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/EntersPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.EntersPercept
de/jdungeon/spell/NoTargetSpell.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.NoTargetSpell
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest2x2.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest2x2
de/jdungeon/item/Items.java
 de.jdungeon.item.Items
de/jdungeon/figure/action/Action.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.action.Action
de/jdungeon/event/PlayerDiedEvent.java
 de.jdungeon.event.PlayerDiedEvent
de/jdungeon/skill/Skill.java
 de.jdungeon.skill.Skill
de/jdungeon/figure/monster/Monster.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.monster.Monster
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/RoomQuest_3x3_1.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.RoomQuest_3x3_1
de/jdungeon/dungeon/Room.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.Room
de/jdungeon/dungeon/DoorInfo.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.DoorInfo
de/jdungeon/spell/KeyLocator.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.KeyLocator
de/jdungeon/figure/FigurePresentation.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.FigurePresentation
de/jdungeon/spell/EscapeRouteInstance.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.EscapeRouteInstance
de/jdungeon/dungeon/quest/ReversibleRoomQuest.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.quest.ReversibleRoomQuest
de/jdungeon/ai/GuardPositionBehaviour.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.GuardPositionBehaviour
de/jdungeon/figure/Spellbook.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.Spellbook
de/jdungeon/spell/Heal.java
 de.jdungeon.spell.Heal
de/jdungeon/gui/Texts.java
 de.jdungeon.gui.Texts
de/jdungeon/ai/MovementIntelligence.java
 de.jdungeon.ai.MovementIntelligence
de/jdungeon/location/InfoShrine.java
 de.jdungeon.location.InfoShrine
de/jdungeon/figure/percept/BreakSpellPercept.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.percept.BreakSpellPercept
de/jdungeon/dungeon/generate/undo/AddDoor.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.generate.undo.AddDoor
de/jdungeon/figure/FigureControl.java
 de.jdungeon.figure.FigureControl
de/jdungeon/dungeon/DoorBlock.java
 de.jdungeon.dungeon.DoorBlock
de/jdungeon/util/Clazz.java
 de.jdungeon.util.Clazz
